modules: tt.yaml modules/directory support list (#1032)
tarantool/tt: CHANGELOG.md

as a number or using [RFC3339/RFC3339Nano](https://go.dev/src/time/format.go) time format.
- `tt connect`: add new `--evaler` option to support for customizing
the way user input is processed.

> - `tt.yaml` allow specify a list of modules directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `tt.yaml`: allows to specify a list of modules directories.
```
